v3.6 release note changes (#1285)
Die4Ever/deus-ex-randomizer: src/notes/patch v3.6.md

- WaltonWare crates will now give medkits depending on your start location and your maximum health
- Added scaling and blackout options for scopes and binoculars, with a cool automatic "Fit to Screen" option that doesn't rely on fixed size textures and adapts to any screen resolution/ratio
- Proper handling of Ford Schick being unable to give you the aug upgrade can when your inventory is full
- Make sure Shannon is always present in M01, regardless of gender #1280
- Many "Kill Person X" goals are changed to "Take Down Person X", allowing both kills and knockouts instead of just kills.  Bingo boards from older versions will be upgraded to this.

# Bingo / WaltonWare / NG+ Minor Changes

- NG+ crates subtract unspent skill points and credits instead of silently taking them away in NG+
  - (instead of NG+ silently taking away unspent skill points from the player, now it tries to remove them from the WW crate first)
- Fewer datacubes in Area51 Entrance and Page (#1244 and #1245)

> - NG+ and `DXRReduceItems` respect 0% for WW Hardcore medkits/medbots

Reviewer: I'm actually not sure this one needs mentioning at all. It's basically a bug fix for a game mode that didn't exist before this release.

```suggestion
```

- New smaller scale Pool bingo goals.  These will be swapped in when bingo duration is low, instead of the multi-table goals.
- All books, datacubes, and newspapers can now show a summary of what they are when highlighted.  These summaries are only visible when password assistance is enabled
- Add French Exit signs to the Emergency Exit bingo goal (and extra goal info for those who don't speak French)
- Tweaked when some bingo goals can appear, based on settings and version of the randomizer being used (eg. Revision)
  - The "Flush Toilets" bingo goal can now be completed in M15 in Revision
  - "Extinguish yourself with running water" is no longer allowed with short bingo durations
  - "Extinguish yourself with running water" is no longer marked as completable in M02, as there is no running water on the same map as burning barrels
  - Enabling clothes looting takes the added clothes racks into account for the "Change Clothes" bingo goal in vanilla
- Reduced the maximum for the bingo goal to kill the sailors in the Lucky Money, since the maximum was previously based on the number of sailors present in the LDDP version of the map (one extra sailor)

> - The bingo goal to go to the ends of both cranes on the superfreigh now correctly always requires you to go to both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The bingo goal to go to the ends of both cranes on the superfreighter now correctly always requires you to go to both
```

- Increased CollisionHeight for birds
- Fixed the Advanced menu breaking the Random Starting Map default for WaltonWare
- Added several new bingo goals (particularly around Jail (M05))
- Minor fixes for carrying WaltonWare crates across maps
- Fixed a bug with carrying a `POVCorpse` across NG+
- The Versalife Labs 2 start location gives you the computer password so you can move forwards or backwards
- Bingo goals for reading books and stuff are now mutually exclusive
- Blocked the 747 Suspension Crate datacube from being in the Suspension Crate
- Improved/compartmentalized NG+ seeding
- Pianos now avoid recently skipped songs, and have stronger weights for required songs

# Minor Changes

> - Entrance Rando is now an advanced setting, and Entrance Rando game modes are removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Entrance Rando is now an advanced setting, and some Entrance Rando game modes have been removed
```

- When all items are removed from a crate, the cardboard box that replaces it will match the size of the original crate
- Harley Filben will still talk to the player on Liberty Island if using Confix (eg. GMDX) and you didn't get the password from Paul first.'
  - Note: Confix is NOT required or recommended for use with vanilla Randomizer

> - Memory Containment Units will be ignored when removing intentory items in M05, even with the Unaugmented Prison Pocket setting

Reviewer: Your text is technically correct, however your text doesn't actually say what's different in this release from the previous release. You always got to keep your MCUs, the new thing is that Unaugmented Prison Pocket now skips over the MCUs to "stash away" the next item instead.

```suggestion
- Memory Containment Units will be ignored for the purposes of the Unaugmented Prison Pocket setting, allowing you to keep another item.  Memory Containment Units will always be allowed to be kept.
```
